I want to charge this to my room please?
Yes,madam, no problem, what's you name and room number.

so when you go to a new country
what do you want to eat?
Do you have any suggestions?
I konw a good mexican restaurant.
I won't aruge about that chouce.
they have good mexican beer too.
what you say?
let's hit the road

I'm pretty good. I'm not bad,
你是不是想出国旅游，但是你的英语水平特差,well, you came to the right place.
is about breakfast
Excuse, is breakfast included?
Your booking just come with 1 breakfast voucher.早餐
How much is the breakfast normally?
15 dollar.

charge something to you hotel
do you want to go aboard travel but you english is terrible.


what is the speed limit of here?
I don't konw.
Look for a sign along the road with the number on it.
There, look there, on 95. wow is fast.
No,no that not speed limit sign.
Is not, what is it? 
That sign tells us which hignway we are.
我发现很多人美国不怎么注意，开的太慢了，至少我在大连这边，车太多了，开不了那么快，没关系，去美国你会慢慢习惯。

coffee我特别爱喝
I like drink coffee.

Good morning, Can I have your order?
Yes, Can I have a coffee latte.
sure, what size would you like?
tall please. and I have a chocolate muffin.
Ok, that all be 6.3 in total.
here 7$.
here is you change.

Can you please tell me where the restroom?

cost
credit card
magazine

here we go
How much are your rooms?
Our room start at 79$ for a basic room
Can i reserve a basic room

ording food eat and drink

Can I take your order
Sure, I'll have a hamburger with salad
Ok, what Can I get you drink
Just a ice water will be great

Sorry to bother you, but can you tell me how can I get a discount book?
Sure do you have a map, you need to go to the information desk to get a map and a coupon book

Can you please hold the garlic?
Not the problem, I'll notify the chef. 
Thanks, I've got a date tonight, so no garlic for me.

Hi Doctor, I think i need take some medicine
Sure, what symptoms are you having
I have been vomiting and have had diarrhea for the last 12 hours

Can you please tell me where the mall is?
Yeah,It's just around the corner转角就是

When 's halloween万圣节
It's just around the corner马上来了

I need make a list of the things we need 
Be sure that bring enough money.we need a lot of groceries.杂物

Do you have any liquids液体 exceeding 3.4 ounces盎司?
I do， this cologone男士香水,Is that going to be a problem? persume女士香水
Not if you don't get rid of it甩掉，扔掉.

bartender调酒师
What Can I get you to drink?
I would love one of your beers on tap.
We have budweiser百威啤酒 on draft.
Perfects! let's do that.

How may I help you sir?
Yes, I would love some help getting on the wifi. What's the password?
Sorry, sir, but I have to ask, are you a guest here?

Excuse me, sir, Do you know which way is the quickest to get the white house?
Oh, You're gonna wanna take suway to avoid the traffic
Fantasic! Thanks you very much for you advice

Hello, do you know how much it will cost to catch a cab from here to the park
Should be around 20$
But what if there is heavy traffic?

Hi sorry to borther you, but could you help me with some directions? I'm headed to this address
Sorry I'm not from around here,sorry
No worries.

jetlag时差
Oh, man, I'm exhausted.
You're still not over you jetlag?
I guess not ,but it has already been three days!
A long time difference though. be sure to stay hydrated and eat healthy these days.

Excuse me but do u have a phone chager I can borrow? my phone is dead.
Haha, seem like everyone's phone is out of battery today. what kind of a phone do you have?
iphone6. I would use my own power bank/portable chager, but it's dead too.

what can I get you to drink?
I'm not quite sure. Is there anything on special today?
well, if you can wait about 20 minutes, our happy hour will start.
I don't know. I pretty thirsty. let start off with a print of budweiser.

whiskey vodka gin tequila rum

It's been a long day,let take some shots
Are you sure that'd be a good idea, we have a early flight tomorrow morning
Come on, man, live a little(好好生活吧)
Alright. what's it gonna be?
Salt, lime(青柠), and tequila.
Oh, my buddha(佛). not again, but this time my limit is three
We'll see.

Oh man, I'm craving(渴望 crave) some seafood(海鲜)!
What are you feeling like?
I feel like some lobster(龙虾) and scallops(扇贝)
Sounds great! what kind of sauce(酱) do you want?
I'm taking a cream(奶油) sauce. How about tartar sauce?
Sounds amazing!

Execuse me, but can you please tell me where the loo is?
The loo? Oh, you mean restroom?
Yes sorry, I forgot i'm not England anymore.
Yeah, it's just down the hall on your left.
Thanks, it's there a diaper changing station in there?
Yep. There sure is.

She looks different, does she?
Yes, I can't put my finger on it, has she changed her hair?

Why don't you like Sam?
I don't know, I can't put my finger on it. I just feel we can't trust him.

I wanted to get my academic work settled before pursuing my music here. 在这里继续我的音乐爱好之前，我想先完成好我的学习。

How was you vocation?
It was alright,but it rained the whole time we were here.

Do you find your keys?
Yes, they were in my bag the whole time!




















